Feed depth of field
Are you still coming?
Is it gentle that he disagrees?
Doctor, how is he?
The activity of the patient jewelry needs to be entered.
But now the hospital blood bank is advanced
You have to find someone bloody identical right away
Come and give it to him
Hey, tell me
Others have a poor sense of survival
Can you hear my aunt say
You have to be mentally prepared for this
What happened to Tiesheng?
Wen Yan is a cheap learner
Suicide
OK
We'll see.
Let's see who gets the qi first
What's the use of me raising you guys?
You can't find a bloody match
Yes, if you ask me again if I bring it or not
Sometimes all the leftovers get the hell out of me
cautious
What's your trouble?
Does the property need to bleed?
Get the doctor out of here
Just be a security guard and look at the past
You live, I heard it on the phone
Don't worry, the hospital will be fine.
I'll do whatever you want
Ok
Your body is still weak
Can't smoke these
The patient is in urgent condition and needs to go out immediately
The doctor smoked me
I'm an adventurer.